[Music]
we are discontinuing thursday videos on
youtube for the next four to six weeks
which means we will no longer be posting
two videos a week but six however five
of those will be available for free on
another platform let me explain first
things first we are not stopping
Thursday videos because we cannot handle
the workload or because we've run out of
ideas it's specifically because we have
more and bigger ideas than ever but we
need a bit of time to make these a
reality and tiggy s theory to phase 2 of
our master plan
part of that master plan if it means
releasing more than two videos a week on
this channel now for that to happen we
need to implement a new workflow that
allow us to make our operations a lot
more efficient we're actually hiring one
to two editors right now ideally based
out of LA to join the yesterday routine
either part-time or full-time so you can
email us at yes Theory jobs at gmail.com
send us your best video and if we like
it we'll send you more details see we're
not trying to be another YouTube channel
that just grows and grows until the
audience or the creator grows sick of it
and then disappears we're actually gonna
try to use YouTube to create something
nobody has ever really done before well
tell you all about that eventually but
not today today we actually have
something else to release so we're
saying we need more time but we're also
saying we're gonna be releasing five
more videos a week
[Music]
how does that make a sense there we go
that's the one moving on all right the
crazy truth is we have about 50
unreleased yes theory episodes that we
shot last year all over the world in
fact about 18 months ago we did a
project 30 in the Caribbean which means
30 videos in 30 days doing 30 things
we've never done before
exactly how we started at this time in
the heat of the Caribbean they're
actually made for the brother channel on
snapchat but before they launched they
went through a whole rebranding thing
and only 10% of them ended up making a
cut 90% of them never saw the light of
day
here's a quick teaser
okay so the boys just walked into a
random guys house in the middle of
now we think it is time for those
episodes to be released we worked so
hard on them and was the first time all
of us were traveling together so there's
a lot of very raw pure experiences in
these episodes we're still in Cuba Costa
Rica and Nicaragua and Mexico were about
to release five of these two minute
episodes five days a week from Monday to
Friday however there will only be
available for 24 hours and our Instagram
stories there's actually a way for us to
chop up a video and use airdrop to get
it up on Instagram stories if you want
to watch the unreleased project that we
did in the Caribbean follow us at yes
theory on Instagram and you'll only have
24 hours each day to catch the episode
before it's gone forever I'm gonna kill
my neighbors
stay calm my buddy my crazy I'm not
crazy
[Music]
but it released the series on Instagram
once we hit 40,000 followers which means
we need 4900 of you to go on Instagram
right now and click follow and once that
goal is hit we'll make an announcement
for the launch date and I promise you
this is gonna be incredible the reality
is so much time money effort and passion
went into making these episodes so we
just want to make sure that as many of
you as possible get to see them I'm
super excited it's finally coming out of
spend so much time editing these
episodes and I never thought they'd be
released because they're all shot in
vertical I'm glad they finally are it's
close YouTube go on our Instagram right
now and follow us that yes theory I
can't wait to see you there let's go see
what the other guys are doing
he's gonna begin and he's a little he's
a little grumpy because he's not getting
[Music]
only been more annoying more daran daran
daran there
Darrin mentally did your dishes last
week I know I didn't replace we switch
Saturday and Sunday
flying Sam and I had two days last week
you should do a UH an exposed mad green
guy
the Mars thing he did you switch days
and that he didn't do you didn't do the
dishes for your fake use it wasn't like
I didn't feel like doing the dishes I
asked I asked if you want if you could
switch there what what are you doing I'm
cutting around the episode for Instagram
right now Oh oh my god which episode
cruisin in Cuba whoa
is it a good episode it's an okay one no
say it's a meeting let's say say it's
really Miguel I I can't wait to do
another take that's it's pretty good no
no it's it's the best that's the best no
but smile and when you say it I'll just
give you money I'll just I'll fire
[Music]